im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! 
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor . 
for the price it is a well spent investment ! 
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set . 
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying . 
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] . 
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it ! 
many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play . 
i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
will never purchase apex again . 
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays . 
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
no way to contact their customer service . 
very bad quality . 
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money . 
great quality picture and features . 
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
the door would not close . 
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
it looks great - and is loaded with features . 
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting . 
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed . 
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
wo n't play a lot of discs . 
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money . 
great quality picture and features . 
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
the door would not close . 
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
it looks great - and is loaded with features . 
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting . 
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed . 
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
wo n't play a lot of discs . 
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
the dvd player does not work properly . 
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd . 
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great . 
even viewed cds full of jpegs . 
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
door broke after a month . 
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
well , it was nice while it lasted . 
after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
the entire unit was poorly crafted . 
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . 
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
the dvd player just would't recognize them . 
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
for the money apex machines have good features . 
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
loved the slim design . 
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 